Geralt entered the Oxenfurt sewers expecting to hunt down a 
hideous monster – so you can imagine his surprise when down 
one of those dank, slimy corridors he ran into Shani, 
an old and dear friend. Geralt and I had first met this 
extraordinary young woman years earlier, when she was just 
a coltish coed, but by this time she had grown into a dignified 
doctor and a fearless field medic for the Redanian Army.

This latter role had led her, and a unit of soldier escorts, 
to descend into the sewers. Their goal was to gather a sample 
of the venom spewed by the monstrosity squatting there. 
Geralt, a gentleman through and through, agreed to 
help her in her task.

Geralt's encounter with Vlodimir von Everec reminded him that 
he and Shani had once shared passionate (though passing) feelings 
for each other. He also became aware some remnant of these 
feelings was still lodged in his heart...

At times fate composes tales so shocking no poet would dare put 
his name to them, for fear his public would mock them as overly 
outlandish. Such was the case when Geralt and the ghost of 
Vlodimir von Everec shared a body for an evening and accompanied 
Shani to the wedding of Aldona, her friend from the Academy. 
Some might have let this unusual escort interfere with their 
enjoyment of the evening – but not Shani. Looking around at 
the tasteful wedding decorations, smelling the rich odor of 
berry-laden rowan – a plant near and dear to her heart, one 
which summoned up fond childhood memories – Shani felt the heedless 
abandon of her younger years return and, overjoyed, threw herself 
into the thick of the festivities.

One thing is certain – Shani was not bored by the company of 
Vlodimir von Everec, who showered her with professions of 
burning desire and swept her off her feet with his maniacal 
energy. Yet when the hour came for him to return to the 
netherworld, she breathed a sigh of relief, for now she 
could spend some time alone with Geralt, who was much more 
sensitive and redictable (though Vlod would probably just 
call him boring).

A pleasantly-begun evening blossomed into a night of rapture, 
then settled into a golden dawn on the shores of a lake, 
serenaded by nature's first awakening murmurs. Though Shani 
seemed delighted by this course of events, the morning air 
had put her in a reflexive mood. She parted ways with Geralt, 
explaining she had to think through what had just happened.

Fate decreed Shani would not linger long in her hometown of 
Oxenfurt. For as long as the war lasted, she was the Redanian 
army's to command, and her commander had decided to send her to 
Kaedwen, the conflict's eastern front. Before setting off she 
managed to inform Geralt about a certain Professor Shakeslock, 
who might be able to help with Gaunter O'Dimm. Geralt thanked 
his friend and they parted ways, hoping they would meet again, 
later or, quite preferably, sooner.
